	Copyright 2014-2015 Zachary Hebert, Patrick Gillespie
	This is part of the Methodocracy Documentation.

    Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
    under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
    or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
    with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
    A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
    Free Documentation License".
	
	Methodocracy TM is a trademark of Methodocracy.org (C)2014-2015, and all rights to that TM are reserved. Any modified versions are required to be marked as changed, so that their problems will not be attributed erroneously to authors of previous versions. And the name Methodocracy TM should be clearly labeled as the source of your work as long as any part of this work remains intact in part or in whole.

Terms shall be long enough to build trust and observe the way in which the trustee conducts their decision process in order to determine whether their decisions are in good faith. There shall be no 2 consecutive terms. There shall be no rotation between trustees, whether between 2 people, 3 people, or any number of people. Term elections shall be staggered, and the terms shall vary in length dependant on chair type as specified.

The bylaws should enumerate ways in which the character of the trustees shall be conducted, including not introducing issues in which the ulterior motive is to delay or convolute the board's processes. Each board meeting shall be filmed, where the body language, tone, and content of all speech and actions of each trustee should be able to be studied. All board meetings shall be recorded and the records available to the public forever.

Do what wikimedia does with chapters, having them separate organizations that work with methodocracy foundation. These would provide volunteer opportunities, mainly serving to allow normal user actions to be put on school volunteer requirements and to build resumes. It also serves as a position of honor and opportunity to advance to the board of trustees or help methodocracy foundation in some other way. Lastly, it is the manifestation of the methods in which the community want to funnel their board member candidates through, other than the direct community nominated board member positions which go through processes of their own design as well.

Have the board define what "community" means in the by-laws, but have a section that enumerates guidelines. Also ensure that the definition follows the mission statement.

Make sure that all interpretations of the missions statement, by-laws, and all actions of the board are made in good faith instead of stretching the boundaries based on a lack of specific wording. The goal of every action of a board member should be in good faith.

All actions of the board shall, before voting, be thoroughly discussed by the community on Methodocracy. Each trustee and committe chair must thoroughly read the discussion on Methodocracy. Only trustees have the power to vote, committee chair have the power to speak in addition to the trustees, and audience members may ask questions at designated times. The audience must be given a chance to ask questions for 10 minutes before the final board discussion. During the final board discussion, each trustee and chair must speak once before voting. This goes for amendments to the bylaws as well. 2/3rds vote is majority for all decisions. Outline in bylaws the timeline and days notice required for amendments and such and by what manner.

If there is reason to believe that the processes of both the board and the foundation are functioning efficiently and according to the mission statement, then there shall not be excessive changes to the processes of the board or the foundation unless there is substantial evidence on the matter. Conversely, if there is reason to believe that the processes of both the board and the foundation are not functioning efficiently and according to the mission statement, then changes to the processes shall be approached with diligence and in a timely manner, using substantial evidence on the matter.

Trustees are subject to scrutiny and suspection of immoral motivations.

Research non-trustee officer positions for state of California. Read California's Nonprofit Corporation Statute/Act!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And research meeting and voting procedures for members and trustees in accordance with California state law. Research committee composition in accordance with California state law.

Research:



Do walk through all what-if scenarios

Make the bylaw review and amendment process involve a legal advisor and done by committee with representation from, a full cross-section, of the relevant parties. Don't make admendment process too difficult to execute. Design bylaws so that amending is not necessary, but keep a pulse on the bylaws when issues concern them and consider anual agenda item or committe review for them.

Don't do your probation plan, start simple. Don't execute diction to be too untrusting.

Keep bylaws flexible. For example, allow board to designate additional officers not named in bylaws.

Reserve most details for policies, not bylaws. Put all policies into single board approved document/manual. This way, bylaws will not need regular amendment.

