	Copyright 2014-2015 Zachary Hebert, Patrick Gillespie
	This is part of the Methodocracy Documentation.

    Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
    under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
    or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
    with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
    A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
    Free Documentation License".
	
	Methodocracy TM is a trademark of Methodocracy.org (C)2014-2015, and all rights to that TM are reserved. Any modified versions are required to be marked as changed, so that their problems will not be attributed erroneously to authors of previous versions. And the name Methodocracy TM should be clearly labeled as the source of your work as long as any part of this work remains intact in part or in whole.

Beliefs can go in value statement
vision statement could be how you want methodocracy to improve democracy, solve many stagnant problems, increase chances of survival and quality of life for the most amount of individuals for the longest duration, organize society more, make everything run more efficiently, prevent existential risks, make a place where all thinkers and problem-solvers go, central and more organized scientific publication
take care to prevent all dangers in core values
I believe in data, quantifying, expressing in mathematical and logical models, metrics
What am I driven by? Why don't I give up? Because this is too big, it's the biggest thing that can be achieved now. It's affecting the lives of the most people in the most positive way possible. It ties together everything, organizes everything, takes care of everyone and everything.
Too big to fail, too big to give up
I tried to think of the biggest, most over-arching thing possible. And it is just that.
I believe in free, I believe in sharing, I believe in the human race, not just individuals, I believe in sharing credit with everyone, I believe in checks and balances, I believe in incorruptibility, I believe in truth, I believe in pure good.
What do we want? Evidence based change! When do we want it? After peer review! (and replication)
Because we're not approaching problems from the right angles
Because people forget their ideas and don't apply them
Because I want a method in which to improve the world around me, increase quality of life, give everyone what they need
Because I'm a vulnerable child that needs to be taken care of and who wants to care for everyone in the same way. Today's world simply does not do that enough, but it is possible to achieve a world that does.
Because it is possible to improve society, to become at least a little bit closer to utopia than we were before.
Because my suffering is not for not, it serves a purpose, and same with everyone else who uploads their experiences onto Methodocracy
People want to be first (early adopters)
Because so many people want to do something bigger than themselves but cannot find the right cause
Because all of the potential of thinkers are isolated too much, not incorporated into an encouraging system
Because there is no central location for the world to debate on all of the important (and non-important) issues
Because we ALL need to work together to make unlikely connections, to think more creatively as a whole than we would have alone
I believe it is better to be completely open and share ideas freely
I believe that everyone should have a voice
I believe that we can improve democracy
I believe that we need to put democracy and free speech through a more effective method in order to effectively achieve the results we all want
I believe that competition is a way in which we can cooperate in order to achieve our common goals
I believe that we're not thinking about all the aspects necessary in order to solve a problem
Because someone who has an idea to change the world cannot be properly heard. Their words are not connected to the forces able to make a change. Of course we must debate it first to make sure it doesn't make things worse.
Because there are problems in the world that we're not putting enough effort in to solve
Because people who try to solve problems are often not successful, they don't know how to be effective, or the forces against them are too complex to easily understand.
I believe that there is something missing on the internet, its true potential has yet to be unlocked
I believe people should be encouraged to ethically change the world
I believe in not only talking about problems but solving them
I believe that we CAN solve problems
I believe that everyone tries to make the world around them a better place. That distaste for aspects in it is a concern in order to improve it. That even though it seems as though they're working against it, they're TRYING to do good.
Because fantasies, desires, and impossible wishes can become reality
because I dare to question what other's don't
Because each of us knows there are more important problems to be solved than what is being solved now
Vision: everyone thinking as one, united human race. (yes, that even includes disagreements, and celebrating those differences like we celebrate random creativity in our own brains)
Because existential risks, and how our society is dysfunctional and unequipped to handle some of them
Because things are being done wrong and they will continue to do so if we do not intervene
Because there are pains and suffering we go through that society doesn't pay attention to. There is more to our existence than we have been taking care of, and we know of these aspects, and we can take care of it through organization.
Because there is more to life, something bigger, a journey, an adventure, an epic quest, and Methodocracy lets us easier embark on it
Make it their idea, so that people help/work for themselves.
I believe doing all this is fun, like an epic game or movie or story but for real.