Copyright 2014 Zachary Hebert
This is part of the Methodocracy Documentation.

    Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
    under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
    or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
    with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
    A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
    Free Documentation License".
	
	Methodocracy TM is a trademark of Methodocracy.org (C)2014, and all rights to that TM are reserved. Any modified versions are required to be marked as changed, so that their problems will not be attributed erroneously to authors of previous versions. And the name Methodocracy TM should be clearly labeled as the source of your work as long as any part of this work remains intact in part or in whole.

Do not cause any problems. Promoting civil debates. Celebrating differences in opinion and belief. Equal access and participation. Openness. Sharing. Transparency. Ensure integrity and accuracy, especially of history. Checks and balances. Quality. Commitment to improvement. Morals and ethics. Honesty. Responsibility. Selflessness. Giving. Kindness and love. Peaceful. Increasing chances of survival and quality of life (improve the world around me) for the most amount of individuals for the longest duration (split up). Questioning everything. Prevent Methodocracy holding any power beyond suggestive, prevent Orwellian dangers. Maintain logical and ethical barriers between Methodocracy and its content and society. To not tolerate blatant unethicality or inaccuracy within Methodocracy for any long period of time. Organization. Efficiency. Effectiveness. Cooperation. data, quantifying, expressing in mathematical and logical models, metrics. Think big. I believe in free, I believe in sharing, I believe in the human race, not just individuals, I believe in sharing credit with everyone, I believe in checks and balances, I believe in incorruptibility, I believe in truth, I believe in pure good. Caring for everyone. Encouragement. Change systems from outside or make a new system that makes the old one obsolete. Never blame an individual, only blame systems. Make unlikely connections. Creativity. I believe it is better to be completely open and share ideas freely. I believe that everyone should have a voice. Improve democracy. Wisdom!!! Not only talking about problems but solving them. Believe in true good, that everyone tries to be good. To have fun doing all this, and make our product fun and engaging.
