Terms shall be long enough to build trust and observe the way in which the trustee conducts their decision process in order to determine whether their decisions are in good faith. There shall be no 2 consecutive terms. There shall be no rotation between trustees, whether between 2 people, 3 people, or any number of people. Term elections shall be staggered, and the terms shall vary in length dependant on chair type as specified.

The bylaws should enumerate ways in which the character of the trustees shall be conducted, including not introducing issues in which the ulterior motive is to delay or convolute the board's processes. Each board meeting shall be filmed, where the body language, tone, and content of all speech and actions of each trustee should be able to be studied. All board meetings shall be recorded and the records available to the public forever.

Do what wikimedia does with chapters, having them separate organizations that work with methodocracy foundation. These would provide volunteer opportunities, mainly serving to allow normal user actions to be put on school volunteer requirements and to build resumes. It also serves as a position of honor and opportunity to advance to the board of trustees or help methodocracy foundation in some other way. Lastly, it is the manifestation of the methods in which the community want to funnel their board member candidates through, other than the direct community nominated board member positions which go through processes of their own design as well.

Have the board define what "community" means in the by-laws, but have a section that enumerates guidelines. Also ensure that the definition follows the mission statement.

Make sure that all interpretations of the missions statement, by-laws, and all actions of the board are made in good faith instead of stretching the boundaries based on a lack of specific wording. The goal of every action of a board member should be in good faith.

Research non-trustee officer positions for state of California

All actions of the board shall, before voting, be thoroughly discussed by the community on Methodocracy. Each trustee and committe chair must thoroughly read the discussion on Methodocracy. Only trustees have the power to vote, committee chair have the power to speak in addition to the trustees, and audience members may ask questions at designated times. The audience must be given a chance to ask questions for 10 minutes before the final board discussion. During the final board discussion, each trustee and chair must speak once before voting. This goes for amendments to the bylaws as well. 2/3rds vote is majority for all decisions.

If there is reason to believe that the processes of both the board and the foundation are functioning efficiently and according to the mission statement, then there shall not be excessive changes to the processes of the board or the foundation unless there is substantial evidence on the matter. Conversely, if there is reason to believe that the processes of both the board and the foundation are not functioning efficiently and according to the mission statement, then changes to the processes shall be approached with diligence and in a timely manner, using substantial evidence on the matter.

Trustees are subject to scrutiny and suspection of immoral motivations.

Read California's Nonprofit Corporation Statute/Act!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Do walk through all what-if scenarios

Make the bylaw review and amendment process involve a legal advisor and done by committee with representation from, a full cross-section, of the relevant parties.

Don't do your probation plan, start simple. Don't execute diction to be too untrusting.

Keep bylaws flexible. For example, allow board to designate additional officers not named in bylaws.

Reserve most details for policies, not bylaws. Put all policies into single board approved document/manual. This way, bylaws will not need regular amendment.

